Replace Throw `CacheException::class` for message `LoggerInterface::class`. (#20)
yiisoft/cache-db: README.md

This package can be used as a cache handler for the [Yii Caching Library](https://github.com/yiisoft/cache).

> ## Implemented `Psr\Log\LoggerInterface::class`
> 
> You can use our package [yiisoft\Log](https://github.com/yiisoft/log)
> 
> ```php
> $cache = new \Yiisoft\Cache\Db\DbCache($db, $table, $gcProbability);
> $cache->setLogger(new \Yiisoft\Log\Logger());
> ```
> 
> This allows you to log cache operations, when ocurring errors, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional logging

In order to log details about failures you may set a logger instance. It should be `Psr\Log\LoggerInterface::class`. For example, you can use [yiisoft\Log](https://github.com/yiisoft/log):

```php
$cache = new \Yiisoft\Cache\Db\DbCache($db, $table, $gcProbability);
$cache->setLogger(new \Yiisoft\Log\Logger());
```
```

Author: done.
